LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
Hassleberry: WHERE'D
THAT PORTAL TAKE
US TO, BASTION?!
AN ALTERNATE
DIMENSION BUT NOT
THE ONE FROM BEFORE.
AH, A HUMAN.
WHAT'S A PATHETIC
LITTLE WORM LIKE
YOU DOING UP HERE?
LOOKIN' TO TAKE
YOU DOWN!
WE HAVE TO STOP HIM!
WHEN YOU DUEL HERE,
THERE'S MORE AT STAKE
THAN JUST LOSING THE GAME.
SIMORGH,
FINISH HIM OFF!
NOW IT'S YOUR TURN!
FOR WHAT?
FOR MY WINGED
CREATURE TO ATTACK!
MY ENERGY
WILL NOW BE ABSORBED
AND SENT TO THE STARS.
PROMISE ME YOU WILL
DEFEAT THE SUPREME KING!
THIS WILL LEAD YOU
TO ANOTHER REALM
IN THIS WORLD.
PERHAPS YOU WILL
FIND YOUR FRIEND
JESSE UP THERE.
Jaden, thinking:
DON'T WORRY, JESSE.
I KNOW YOU'RE
OUT THERE SOMEWHERE.
AND NO MATTER WHAT'S
ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THAT DOOR,
WE'LL FIGHT OUR WAY THROUGH
AND GET YOU BACK HOME.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Syrus: THAT'S GOT
TO BE THE BIGGEST DOOR
I'VE EVER SEEN.
Jim: YEAH, I WONDER WHAT
IT'S TRYING TO KEEP IN.
Atticus: DON'T YA
MEAN KEEP OUT?
HE'S RIGHT.
MAYBE WE SHOULDN'T.
I MEAN, WE DON'T EVEN
KNOW IF JESSE'S IN
THIS WORLD, RIGHT, JAY?
Jaden: OH, HE'S HERE.
I FEEL IT IN MY GUT.
WHOA. TAKE A LOOK
AT THIS PLACE, GUYS.
Chazz: WHAT'S TO LOOK AT?
THIS PLACE IS A DUMP!
AND IT SMELLS
LIKE ONE, TOO!
Syrus: YEAH, KIND OF REMINDS
ME OF THE SLIFER DORM.
THIS PLACE
SEEMS DESERTED.
WONDER WHAT HAPPENED.
I'M NOT SURE, ALEXIS,
BUT I HAVE A FEELIN'
IT WASN'T GOOD.
THAT'S FOR SURE.
THIS PLACE IS
IN SHAMBLES.
Alexis: LOOK UP THERE!
Atticus: IS THAT
A SHOOTING STAR?
Syrus: I THINK
IT'S A COMET.
Alexis:
WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE?
AAH!
WHAT'S GOIN' ON, JIM?
WHAT'S WRONG?
YOU OK?
SAY SOMETHING, DUDE.
SORRY, MATES. I'M A-OK.
JUST GOT A BIT WOBBLY
THERE FOR A SEC.
MUST'VE LOOKED UP
TOO FAST.
OH, MAN. THAT HAPPENS
TO ME ALL THE TIME.
SOMETIMES I GET
WHIPLASH!
IT'S THEM COMETS!
CAN'T TAKE MY
EYE OFF THEM.
WELL, WE NEED YA
TO TUNE IN DOWN HERE!
DID YOU SAY TUNE?
WHAT DO YOU FEEL
LIKE HEARIN'?
OH, BOY.
Hassleberry: SO WHAT'S
OUR PLAN OF ACTION?
Chazz: MIGHT AS WELL
CHECK OUT THE SIGHTS.
Jim, voice-over:
SO IT'S ALMOST TIME.
I DIDN'T THINK IT
WOULD BE THIS QUICK.
Axel: THIS PLACE
COULD BE DANGEROUS.
I DON'T THINK
WE SHOULD ALL GO
RUNNING AHEAD.
I'LL SCOUT AROUND.
YOU GUYS GO BACK
THROUGH THE DOOR
AND WAIT THERE.
HEY, UH...
WHERE IS THE DOOR?!
SO MUCH FOR GOING BACK.
GOOD BECAUSE WE'RE
NOT GOING BACK, SYRUS.
JESSE'S IN THIS WORLD.
AND THAT'S WHY
WE'RE HERE.
TOO TRUE! SO LET'S GO
FIND OUR FRIEND!
Axel: ALL RIGHT.
WE MOVE TOGETHER.
AND NO UNNECESSARY
CHATTER.
Syrus: WHAT DO YOU MEAN
BY UNNECESSARY CHATTER?
Axel: DUMB QUESTIONS
LIKE THAT.
I THOUGHT THERE ARE
NO DUMB QUESTIONS.
THAT'S RIGHT.
WHICH TEACHER
WAS ALWAYS MESSING
THAT SAYING UP?
PROFESSOR STEIN?
OH, YEAH.
SHIRLEY SENSES
SOMEONE NEARBY.
WANNA CHECK IT OUT?
GUESS
THAT'S A YES.
WHAT DO WE GOT HERE?
THIS PLACE HAS SEEN
BETTER DAYS.
Axel: LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE
RANSACKED THE JOINT.
Syrus: AM I THE ONLY
ONE WHO REALLY DOESN'T
LIKE IT HERE?
Jim: I'M PRETTY SURE I
DON'T LIKE IT HERE EITHER.
WAS THAT--STAY HERE.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
JADEN, WAIT!
TALK AND RUN, AXEL.
THAT KID MIGHT
KNOW SOMETHING.
I UNDERSTAND, BUT
I'M COMIN' WITH YOU.
IT COULD BE A TRAP
OF SOME KIND.
WELL, LET'S
FIND OUT.
HEY, KID.
OHH!
SCARR
SEE LITTLE SCRAP!
[CHUCKLING]
YOU NOT EVEN WARRIOR.
YOU LITTLE SEEDLING.
WHY YOU STILL HERE?
IT NOT MATTER.
WE PLAY CATCH!
YOU FUN.
I DUEL YOU AND SEND YOU
TO THE STARS.
NO. NO. DON'T.
NOT TO THERE!
PLEASE.
Jaden, thinking:
I BETTER HELP THIS KID
BEFORE HE WINDS UP
GETTING STAR STRUCK!
NOW, IF THAT KID
DUELS AND LOSES,
HE'LL GET SENT
TO THE STARS LIKE
THAT LAST GUY.
AND THAT CAN'T
HAPPEN.
WHOA. HOLD UP. WHATEVER
YOU'RE DOIN', DON'T.
Jaden: HEY, UGLY!
PICK ON SOMEONE
YOUR OWN SIZE OR CLOSER
TO IT AT LEAST.
WHAT THIS? MORE
FUN FOR SCARR?
EASY, NOW.
MORE KIDS?
HOW YOU SURVIVE?
YOU PROTECT THEM ALL?
YOU LOOK LIKE
STRONG WARRIOR.
I TAKE YOU TO OUR CAMP.
BUT ME NO NEED
REST OF YOU!
ME END YOU ALL RIGHT HERE.
ME SEND YOU
TO THE STARS.
YOU SIT TIGHT,
STRONG ONE. YOU NO RUN.
HEY, KID, TAKE COVER.
OK!
I DEAL WITH HIM LATER
AND THEN THEM.
NOT A CHANCE, GOT THAT?
BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT
GETTIN' PAST ME!
JADEN...
LET ME AT 'EM! I'LL
TAKE HIM DOWN FOR YA, SARGE!
HE DON'T SCARE ME!
STAY BACK! I CAN'T
LET YOU DUEL.
IT'S TOO DANGEROUS.
BUT-BUT, SARGE--
Jaden: I MEAN
IT, HASSLEBERRY.
YOU GUYS GET OUT OF HERE.
NO STOP SCARR!
EVEN IF FRIENDS RUN,
I FIND THEM.
STRONG ONES GO TO CAMP,
WEAK ONES TO THE STARS.
NO ONE ESCAPE
THE DARK FIENDS.
NOW START
WITH YOU, SO DUEL!
GAME ON!
ME GO!
ME DRAW!
ME SUMMON
ARCHFIEND SOLDIER!
ME FACEDOWN ONE CARD.
ME NO GO NO MORE.
NOW YOU GO.
DON'T LET ME DOWN,
DECK!
I DRAW!
NOW GET READY
BECAUSE I'M PLAYIN'
POLYMERIZATION!
WITH THIS CARD,
I CAN TAKE ELEMENTAL
HERO SPARKMAN
AND ELEMENTAL
HERO CLAYMAN
FROM MY HAND
AND FUSE THEM
TO SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO
THUNDER GIANT!
THE BIGGER THEY
ARE, THE HARDER
THEY ROCK!
AND NOW I'LL ACTIVATE
THUNDER GIANT'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
SINCE YOUR MONSTER'S
GOT LESS ATTACK POINTS
THAN HIM,
MY THUNDER GIANT
CAN TAKE IT DOWN!
GO! STATIC BLAST!
[SCREAMING]
WITH YOUR SOLDIER OUT
OF THE WAY,
I CAN ATTACK YOU
DIRECTLY!
CHEW ON SOME
VOLTIC THUNDER!
[GROANING]
DO YOU SEE THAT?!
JADEN'S TAKING
THIS THING BY STORM!
AND YOU THOUGHT
HE NEEDED BACK-UP!
GO, JADEN!
Alexis, thinking:
JADEN'S REALLY GOIN'
AFTER THAT MONSTER.
IT'S LIKE HE'S DUELING
AS THOUGH HIS LIFE
DEPENDED ON IT
OR SOMETHING.
WITH JADEN THIS FOCUSED,
THAT THING DOESN'T
STAND A CHANCE!
ME DRAW!
ME CALL FORTH
FUSION DEVOURER!
IT ATTACK
YOUR MONSTER!
IT DESTROY YOUR MONSTER!
THEN IT HURT YOU BAD!
NO WAY!
BUT MY GIANT'S GOT
MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN THAT BALL
OF GOOP!
[YELLING]
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
[CHUCKLES]
WHEN FUSION DEVOURER
ATTACK A FUSION MONSTER,
IT MAKE ATTACK
POINTS ZERO.
ME GET IT.
WELL, ME SHOW
FACEDOWN CARD!
FAKE FRIENDSHIP
TREATY TRAP CARD!
NOW YOU NO SUMMON MONSTERS
WEAKER THAN LEVEL 4!
HEH HEH HEH!
NOW ME GO MORE AND
ACTIVATE SPELL CARD.
ME ACTIVATE
HURRICANE NEST!
NOW YOU NO SPECIAL
SUMMON MONSTER.
IF YOU DO, I DO THIS!
I SEND HURRICANE NEST
TO GRAVEYARD.
THEN YOUR MONSTER
DESTROYED.
WHAT A PUNK.
HE'S TRYIN' TO MAKE IT
SO THAT JADEN
CAN'T SUMMON ANYTHING.
AND NOT ONLY THAT,
WITH THAT
DEVOURER BLOB,
IF JADEN MANAGES
TO FUSE,
THE MONSTERS
WILL HAVE ZERO
ATTACK POINTS.
IT'LL BE USELESS.
THIS AIN'T GOOD.
NOW WHAT?
Jaden, thinking:
MAN! NO SPECIAL SUMMONING,
NO SUMMONING ANYTHING
LESS THAN LEVEL-4.
NO FUSING.
IF I DON'T DRAW A GOOD
CARD HERE, I'M DONE FOR!
AND MY FRIENDS WILL BE NEXT.
HANG ON.
I DRAW!
Axel, thinking:
I SURE HOPE THAT
CARD'S A WINNER
BECAUSE IF IT ISN'T,
JADEN MIGHT JUST
END UP THE LOSER!
Boy, thinking:
I HOPE THIS BOY CAN WIN.
IF NEW CARD WEAK,
YOU DONE.
NOW LOOK.
SINCE NECROSHADE'S
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN USE ITS
SPECIAL ABILITY
TO SUMMON UP ANOTHER
ELEMENTAL HERO!
I PLAY
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS!
BUT HOW?
MY NEOS IS A LEVEL 7.
AND IT'S NOT A SPECIAL
SUMMON OR A FUSION.
SO HE SNEAKS THROUGH
ALL YOUR LITTLE TRAPS.
AND NOW I ACTIVATE THE NEOS
FORCE EQUIP SPELL CARD,
GIVING NEOS AN EXTRA
800 ATTACK POINTS.
NEOS, ATTACK!
THAT-A BOY!
Hassleberry and Jim:
NICE, JADEN!
Alexis: HE DID IT!
OF COURSE
HE DID!
OH, NO.
[YELLING]
Hassleberry: WHERE'D THEM
FIREWORKS COME FROM?
Axel: DUELING HERE ISN'T
LIKE DUELING BACK HOME.
SEE, IF YOU LOSE A DUEL
IN THIS WORLD,
YOU GET ZAPPED AWAY.
AS FOR WHERE,
I DON'T KNOW.
THAT'S SCARY.
I MEAN, THAT DUEL
WAS BACK AND FORTH.
[BOY MOANING SOFTLY]
THE MONSTER'S
GONE, LITTLE BUDDY.
SO, UH, WHAT'S
YOUR NAME?
KYLE!
SIR FREED!
YOU'RE NOT TO BE
OUT HERE ALONE!
NOW, SIT WHILE I THINK OF
A JUST PUNISHMENT FOR YOU!
I ONLY WANTED--
YOU ONLY NOTHING!
EASY NOW, BLONDIE.
WHO ARE YOU?
I'M THE GUY WHO
SAVED THAT KID.
AND WHO ARE YOU?
NEVER YOU MIND.
NOW YOU MUST BE
ON YOUR WAY.
Hassleberry: WE'RE NOT
GOIN' ANYWHERE.
WE WANT
SOME ANSWERS NOW.
WE'RE KIND OF NEW
AROUND HERE.
I GATHERED.
THEY WILL COME
LOOKING FOR US.
WHO WILL?
THE DARK WORLD ARMY.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
WHAT'S THAT RACKET?
[GRUNTING]
Freed: THEY'RE COMING.
Freed: IF YOU
DUEL THEM, YOU'LL
BRING DOOM UPON US ALL.
KYLE, WE MUST HURRY!
YES, SIR.
NOW, I WOULDN'T LINGER!
THEY MIGHT BE HUNGRY.
Syrus:
DID HE SAY HUNGRY?
WHERE IS HE?
THERE IS NO SIGN
OF SCARR.
A DUEL WAS FOUGHT HERE.
WE MUST TRACK DOWN
WHO DEFEATED SCARR!
WHAT ARE THEY?
Freed: THE CURSED
FIENDS OF DARK WORLD.
Hassleberry:
DARK WORLD?
Jaden: WHERE YA GOING?
Syrus: NOT
ANOTHER DOOR.
SURE THIS
IS SAFE?
MY MOM
ALWAYS TOLD
ME NOT TO GO
INTO SECRET
UNDERGROUND
CAVES
WITH STRANGERS
WEARING
SUITS OF ARMOR.
ANOTHER DOOR,
GUYS?
KYLE, MUST YOU
GIVE ME CAUSE TO FEAR?
Kyle: I'M SORRY, SIS.
Jaden: UH-OH.
YOU MUSTN'T BE CAUGHT
BY THE EYE OF ZURE.
OBEY SIR FREED.
UNDERSTAND?
HUH?
WHAT'S THIS?
I WENT TO OUR
HOUSE, WHAT REMAINS.
FATHER.
AND WHO ARE THEY?
WHILE ABOVE, I WAS
ATTACKED BY A FIEND.
THE BOY IN RED
SAVED ME.
I SEE. I'M GRATEFUL.
IF I MAY BE SO BOLD
AS TO ASK,
ARE YOU NOT
OF THIS WORLD?
HAVE YOU BEEN SENT
HERE, SAME AS US?
WE TRANSPORTED
HERE FOR SURE.
BUT WE'RE NOT,
UH, OF YOUR
WORLD, EITHER.
I SHOULD THINK NOT.
AFTER ALL, YOU TALK FUNNY
AND YOUR CLOTHING IS ODD.
I SHALL TELL YOU
WHAT WE KNOW.
ONE MORNING, WE AWOKE
TO FIND OUR VILLAGE IN
THIS SUNLESS DIMENSION.
Jaden: HOW DID YA GET HERE?
WE DON'T KNOW.
BEFORE WE HAD TIME
TO UNDERSTAND,
WE WERE ATTACKED
BY THE ARMY
OF DARK FIENDS.
IN OUR WORLD, THESE FIENDS
ARE CREATURES OF LEGEND.
BUT HERE, THEY'RE REAL.
THEY DESCENDED FROM
THE MOUNTAINS AND
ATTACKED WITHOUT MERCY.
IT WAS FRIGHTENING.
IT WAS A NIGHTMARE
COME TO LIFE.
BUT THE STEEL KNIGHT
ARMY TOOK UP THEIR ARMS.
THE STEEL KNIGHT
ARMY?
Sister: DUEL WARRIORS
LED BY SIR FREED.
THEY FOUGHT TO PROTECT
OUR VILLAGE,
BUT THEIR FIGHT WAS
IN VAIN.
Kyle: THE FIENDS DEFEATED
THE STEEL KNIGHTS.
THEN THEY CAPTURED
THEM AND TOOK THEM AWAY,
INCLUDING MY--MY FATHER.
AS FOR THE WOMEN
AND CHILDREN AND
THE OTHERS LEFT BEHIND,
THE FIENDS TURNED THEM
INTO PARTICLES OF LIGHT.
THEY CALL IT "SENDING US
TO THE STARS."
THE FEW AMONG US PAUSED
NOT TO LEARN WHAT IT MEANT.
WE ESCAPED AND HID
IN THESE CAVERNS.
AND WE'RE NOT
GIVING UP.
WE'VE GOT SIR FREED!
HE MEANS TO DO BATTLE
WITH THE FIENDS.
HE'LL RESCUE
THE WARRIORS,
INCLUDING FATHER!
GUESS YOU GOT YOUR
WORK CUT OUT FOR YOU.
Jaden, thinking: THIS
GUY MUST BE SOME KIND
OF GREAT WARRIOR.
Axel: JADEN.
SEEMS LIKE THIS WORLD
IS FULL OF PROBLEMS.
AND IT SOUNDS LIKE
THESE PEOPLE HAVE
BEEN HERE A WHILE.
MAYBE THEY'LL BE ABLE
TO HELP POINT US
IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION.
YOU'RE RIGHT, AXEL.
THEY MIGHT KNOW JESSE.
HEY, MR. FREED, WE'RE,
UH--WE'RE LOOKIN'
FOR A KID
NAMED JESSE.
HE'S ABOUT OUR AGE,
MY HEIGHT.
WHITE SHIRT, BLUE VEST.
RING ANY BELLS?
AFRAID NOT.
LEAVE ME BE.
ANYBODY? A KID LIKE ME?
SAYS "Y'ALL" A LOT?
COME ON, PEOPLE.
NOBODY?
DON'T WORRY, J.
WHEREVER HE'S AT,
WE'LL FIND HIM.
I GUESS THEY CAN'T
HELP AFTER ALL.
LET'S HEAD BACK
TO THE SURFACE AND
LOOK ON OUR OWN.
GO BACK UP? ARE YOU MAD?!
YOU CAN'T GO UP THERE.
THE VILLAGE IS
TEEMING WITH FIENDS.
EVERYONE HERE
HAS LOST SOMEONE.
WORRIES FOR ANOTHER.
BUT IF WE ARE TO SURVIVE,
WE MUST USE REASON.
I DO NOT INTEND
TO STOP YOU FROM
FINDING YOUR FRIEND.
BUT FOR NOW, YOU STAY.
RISK YOUR OWN LIFE
ALL YOU WANT,
BUT I'LL NOT HAVE
YOU RISK THE LIVES
OF EVERYONE HERE.
GO NOW AND YOU
EXPOSE US.
YOU MUST WAIT FOR THE LIGHT
OF THE COMET TO FADE.
THEY DON'T PATROL
WITHOUT IT.
UNDERSTOOD?
WE GOTCHA.
WHEN THE VILLAGE
HAS GONE DARK,
THEN MAY YOU
SET OFF IN SEARCH
OF YOUR FRIEND.
LET US HOPE
THEY HAVEN'T
ALREADY FOUND HIM.
WELL, GUYS,
HERE WE ARE AGAIN,
HIDING OUT
FROM AN ARMY
OF MONSTERS.
GOOD TIMES.
Hassleberry: WELL,
I NEVER THOUGHT I'D BE
SAYIN' THIS, FELLAS,
BUT I'M STARTIN' TO MISS
THOSE DUEL GHOULS.
ANYONE GOT
MARSHMALLOWS?
DON'T HOLD BACK!
Alexis:
HEY, UM, JADEN?
DID YOU...
THAT FIEND.
WHEN YOU DUELED IT,
DID YOU KNOW
THAT IF YOU LOST, YOU'D
GET SENT TO THE STARS?
I GUESS SORT OF,
BUT I--I HAD
TO SAVE THAT KID
FROM THAT FIEND.
YOU DON'T GET IT,
DO YOU?!
YOU WERE IN
REAL DANGER, JADEN!
YOU HAVE TO BE
MORE CAREFUL!
I'M SERIOUS!
ALL RIGHT. RELAX.
I MEAN IT!
HUH. OK. I'LL BE
MORE CAREFUL, LEX.
THIS IS MOST
DISTRESSING, GREN.
FIND WHOEVER DESTROYED
SCARR AT ONCE!
WE HAVE
BATTALIONS SCATTERED
EVERYWHERE, MASTER.
MASTER ZURE!
I BRING NEWS FROM
THE PRISON CAMP.
AND IT ISN'T GOOD NEWS.
ONE OF THE WARRIORS
HAS ESCAPED.
Zure: ESCAPED!?
HE OVERTOOK
TWO GUARDS.
PERHAPS HE'S THE ONE
WHO DEFEATED SCARR.
NO, GREN! GOBLINS FALL EASY,
BUT SCARR WAS POWERFUL.
FIND HIM AND GET ANSWERS.
OVER THERE!
ZURE WILL BE PLEASED.
GET HIM!
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
I WILL NOT GO BACK
TO YOUR PRISON!
WE JUST HAVE
SOME QUESTIONS.
HA! CAPTURE HIM NOW!
I ACTIVATE JUSTI-BREAK!
UH!
UGH!
AAH!
[YELLS]
KYLE.
I AM COMING,
MY BOY.
SIR FREED,
A STEEL KNIGHT HAS COME!
LARS!
FATHER!
YOU'RE BACK!
MY LITTLE WARRIOR,
MY PRINCESS.
Kyle: I KNEW YOU'D
COME BACK! I JUST KNEW IT!
Sister: WHERE DID THEY
TAKE YOU, FATHER?
FATHER?
Lars:
SIR FREED, I'M SORRY.
I FAILED YOU. PLEASE
ACCEPT MY, UH--
MY HUMBLE APOLOGIES.
LARS, SAVE YOUR STRENGTH.
IT WAS MY HONOR TO
FIGHT ALONGSIDE YOU.
TO TAKE UP ARMS
AGAINST THE FIENDS
AND FIGHT FOR
OUR VILLAGE.
WE STILL FIGHT.
HEAR WHAT I MUST
TELL YOU.
EVERYONE'S BEING
HELD IN A CAMP
BENEATH A CLIFF
JUST NORTHWEST
OF THE VILLAGE.
YOU MUST SAVE THEM
AND DESTROY THE FIENDS.
HEY, IN THAT CAMP,
DID YOU SEE
A KID LIKE ME,
ONLY WEARING
A WHITE SHIRT
AND A BLUE VEST?
I DO NOT REMEMBER
HIS CLOTHING,
BUT I DID SEE A BOY
AT THE CAMP
AND HE WASN'T ONE
OF THE VILLAGERS.
I DID NOT KNOW HIM.
JESSE! I BET IT WAS JESSE!
UGH!
FATHER?
ARE YOU OK?
BE BRAVE, KYLE.
PROTECT YOUR SISTER
AND PROTECT THIS VILLAGE.
BECOME THE WARRIOR
YOU'RE DESTINED TO BECOME.
FOLLOW IN SIR FREED'S
FOOTSTEPS, MY BOY.
BUT, FATHER...
Jaden: WELL, WHAT
DO YOU SAY, FREED?
YOU WANNA GO AND RAID
THAT PRISON CAMP?
'CAUSE I KNOW I DO.
Jaden, thinking:
DON'T WORRY, JESSE.
I'M COMIN' TO GET YA!
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ WELL, TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW,
LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON,
COME ON ♪
♪ AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪